README.md, before:

## Open Genomics Engine README

OpenGE is a unified and optimized analysis platform that is open source, accelerated for parallel computing, extendible, and well supported.

See <http://www.opengenomicsengine.org> for more details about this project.

### Getting started

See the command documentation (openge_commands.pdf) included in the doc/ directory for more information.

OpenGE is also supported through the SEQanswers forum:
http://seqanswers.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=43

### Contributing

Bug fixes, documentation, and code contributions are welcome. Please feel free to email the author, or contact us via the github page:

<https://github.com/adaptivegenome/openge> (project source)

<https://github.com/adaptivegenome/openge/issues> (issues, bugs, etc.)

To get started with the codebase, check out the developer guide inside the openge/docs/ directory.

### License
OpenGE is licensed under the Virginia Tech Non-Commercial Purpose License, which can be found in the openge/LICENSE.txt
Copyright 2012 Virginia Bioinformatics Institute.

OpenGE also depends on a modified version of bamtools, included in the bamtools/ directory. Bamtools is released under the MIT license. Further details can be found in bamtools/LICENSE.

### Contact
David Mittelman (Project lead)     <david.mittelman@vt.edu>

Lee Baker       (Lead developer)   <leecb@vt.edu>

Virginia Bioinformatics Institute

<http://www.opengenomicsengine.org>

Commit message:

Clarify README to point out the downloads location.

README.md, after:

## Open Genomics Engine README

OpenGE is a unified and optimized analysis platform that is open source, accelerated for parallel computing, extendible, and well supported.

See <http://www.opengenomicsengine.org> for more details about this project.

### Getting started

The latest compiled binaries and the command documentation can be found on the project downloads page (<https://github.com/adaptivegenome/openge/downloads>).

OpenGE is also supported through the SEQanswers forum:
http://seqanswers.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=43

### Contributing

Bug fixes, documentation, and code contributions are welcome. Please feel free to email the author, or contact us via the github page:

<https://github.com/adaptivegenome/openge> (project source)

<https://github.com/adaptivegenome/openge/issues> (issues, bugs, etc.)

To get started with the codebase, check out the developer guide inside the openge/docs/ directory.

### License
OpenGE is licensed under the Virginia Tech Non-Commercial Purpose License, which can be found in the openge/LICENSE.txt
Copyright 2012 Virginia Bioinformatics Institute.

OpenGE also depends on a modified version of bamtools, included in the bamtools/ directory. Bamtools is released under the MIT license. Further details can be found in bamtools/LICENSE.

### Contact
David Mittelman (Project lead)     <david.mittelman@vt.edu>

Lee Baker       (Lead developer)   <leecb@vt.edu>

Virginia Bioinformatics Institute

<http://www.opengenomicsengine.org>
